the lanús and tubes that you plus a video
for our week of its launch
update of cairu and good this time the
subject of the day that is about iphone em
overall the year actually said the main
is the iphone is bending iphone 6 plus
but that I will comment on what else to
front
First I would like to talk to you.
on the smartphone I was going to pick up if the
My name is, I still have the problem.
Remember how memories in videos
I've lost all progress
of their software and some other games
where the data in the cloud does not know
so I was already combining it and such
I was already all right to know if my
I had continued with
That problem I was not going to have to
wait, it was not going to work for me
client assistance under warranty
still a year that nokia offers more
I was not going to wait to send him there
come back and stay all this time without
smartphone smartphone is very important
For me to study for work here.
with the channel to communicate with my
girlfriend and also of course to play your
circuses and other games that play the whole game
day to miss much for playing your
games right
And how was that work for you?
that in the matter of bringing the videos to
you here on the channel that you want or not
who want to give but does not consider
a lot of work but the videos so yes
I consider a job here is a
rock mix with work because
how I love doing the videos all
You know that I record several lives.
even once because I'm done
exciting but nevertheless a
because I consume a lot of time
to record the video edited the video and
send a video knows prepared discover
the curiosities about the game and only
comment on the issue is still a
job
but going back to the previous subject I was going
buy a iphone 5 c 32 gigabytes I
I would buy it if the squid continue with
problem but I did not want to buy
I was wanting my name is back
to work because I love my name I
like the iphone but I prefer fire is
so much so that when I went to buy my name already
I have spoken several times in previous videos
for you that I could buy one
iphone for price i bought my group
There is a problem and it was nice but not me.
prefer to buy a windows phone that is
the shortest system
I like the system too the second
system more like the s i like
apple products I think it is support
It fits well into the profile of the
user as well as windows phone o
android i really like android knows
I already had such I would use without problem
none because as you I had short
any right not to like if you do not
I would like
dodo windows phone I could say that
I did not like it, I liked it, too.
I would say good because I think
really stupid that galera that
You can not say that you do not like
something ray crt I do not know what not
simply the question of taste or
user profile for example the
android does not fit my profile
The user for me is a change the quantity
application that has on android
to have fewer applications but have a lot of
more security and much more ease
of use so if you do not worry
will the smartphone here be a
It's a bit slow because I have to
to clean temporary files will be
we feel alive know to worry about
these things I do not want much performance
I do not want to pay too much too much
performance if you have to pay I want
that he is guaranteed is forever and I
I do not want to prove a virus thing then
for me the they the operating system
most suitable smartphones is the windows
phone and the iphone with the
for this reason, I do not use the
android but question of the system I think
pretty android
I think it's cool that he has a lot
most applications
free more business of people coming
talk but android is good that the
application is free is what
but developers have a
work to do such applications
so I think it is worth paying
12 reais there by the application for a game
if you know he's worth it
cool when it's free is also
using is great, right?
but sometimes the game really deserves to be
paid r 12 reais that the developer
I do not see any problem in paying
Yes, but let's get back to it, it's just me.
South hung enough to talk to
you just summarizing I would buy one
iphone 5 was everything was right for
I buy your deserves trouble
luckily I did not need to because my
name remains normal so ah if I
You do not have to change my name, it's because
problem if the number is changed and more
forward because it simply is
very old man has like new smartphones
I'll buy another fire now if I
I need to change my name because he
There's a problem , I'll buy one.
iphone then I leave it said here to
you
Now I'm going back to talking about the iphone.
iphone 6 galley is warping in pocket
the crowd has a lot of news there
rolling on the internet videos including
I lived a caring that he did the test
on the iphone 6 pans
I'll talk, we'll just forget, I'll just say.
six but these problems are happening in
6 plus
probably because Apple has not yet
learned to produce a good fable right
milk that is a mixture of smartphone
with tablets and smartphones more
2 as the iphone 6 plan should then have
more empty space inside it that
allows them to be warped with more
easily because its contents
I believe that it should be practically the
even the six because no configuration
change then has touched the galley pocket
sometimes the whole person is normal to
people do more for many hours in their pockets
sometimes when you 're at school there
work can not be using then the
People go there're a normal day use
the smartphone pulls out of the pocket
table to see that that gap know
Your smartphone will see our crooked
many people should be concerned that the
iphone
even outside Brazil he is not so
expensive but still is not a
smartphone that can say that it is
Cheap so it's complicated a lot of people.
You must have been worried about that, right?
up for security reasons also had
three match points or tambo will know if
the battery will not blow it has good
huh
That 's it , it 's samsung thing, but let's
to return to the subject of expanding the
samsung go to delirium to speak this but
not the samsung smart phones hands of them
they are excellent, just get the flamengo more
good but did not say again that the
iphone no matter the monster the galley
apple is collecting these iphones there
doing the whole thing
Then you admitted the problem.
she said that for the moment few
people contacted her from what I saw
in the text on the internet
a lot of people were laying a problem
not going up to the apple to solve
This simply speaks on the internet.
You can not trust people but you have
people who are really going to
apple then complaining to you to see how
It really is legitimate this news has
people who are importing your iphone and
also to prove that it is more legitimate
you can search on youtube iphone 6
bending the iphone 6 beige what is it
more or less bend in English you
download channels to be doing
imported iphone test and if you do
a little bit of force on the expensive iphone
clean very bizarre pie that plays
there is more or less where they are
the volume buttons on the iphone 6 but the
an enterprise that offers a
excellent user support this
No one can complain about what I see.
I've never had an iphone but I have
friends that have already used and I know
that it offers updates knows by
years for the user offers a
Great, this is the problem, and so
then grant these people will have
its their iphones exchanged in store
She must be correcting this problem.
the next ones that will be produced and
such that also because it
now it has entered this segment of
Of course tablets I 'm also a little
frustrated anyway not having because
she only makes one smartphone now two goes
say yes but it only makes the iphone not
could have tested a little more in view
This problem is more than good.
soon she must be solving that
but that was not what I had to comment on
You do not forget to say what you say today.
Did you find those iphone is importing?
What do you think of iphones and enjoy you?
There's an iphone, so I'll leave your
question that also has since
I asked to be left as the
who accompanied the channel had a
leave the model of the fire to know which
I had a lot of thanks to whoever answered
This time I'll ask who has iphone
here on the channel that I know there are people
what iphone iphone do you have in
regions in the video comments a
model of your iphone beauty but good if
liked the video is leaving your taste
to support weeks in 2003 and more
videos as well as knowing that they are
enjoying my twitter is trying to
video question should accompany there
we're seeing here has not been a channel
Sign up, this folks, I'm staying.
here a hug to everyone and even the
Next video I went